Heading Level 1 Search Input A search
input must identify its name and role and
include a search button.
We start by letting the screen reader
read on its own.
Then we'll start at the top.
Manually search this website:.
Search edit Search input a search input
menu focus rectangle while leaving menus
that search input a search input Search
button to activate press back to top of
page, same page link visited.
Enter heading level 1 Search and search
region.
Search this website,
search button to activate, press Enter.